on the 22nd of November 1963
US President John F Kennedy is
assassinated in Dallas Texas for 50
years the truth behind the tragic events
has been veiled by secrecy conspiracy
theories and classified government
records now to experts if we examine the
evidence and their conclusions are
startling could Kennedy's secret killer
have been hiding in plain sight all
along the basic facts of the most famous
assassination in history are simple it's
a routine visit to Dallas on the
presidential campaign trail the sun is
shining the people are welcoming and the
top of the presidential limo is down
now turning off the Elm Street and it
will be only a matter of minutes before
he arrives at the three parts
at 12:30 p.m. shots are fired
President John F Kennedy is mortally
wounded and Texas Governor John Connally
is seriously injured
both men are rushed to nearby Parkland
Hospital
half an hour later President Kennedy is
pronounced dead
[Music]
Kennedy suspected killer Lee Harvey
Oswald 45 minutes after the
assassination murders a police officer
he's then arrested in a dallas movie
theater then President Kennedy's body is
flown to Washington for the autopsy two
days later
Dallas club owner Jack Ruby shoots and
kills Kennedy murder suspect Oswald
[Music]
the next day President Kennedy is buried
at Arlington Cemetery
that's where the accepted facts of the
Kennedy assassination end and the
mystery of what actually happened begins
Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren
is appointed by new President Lyndon
Johnson to investigate widespread
suspicions that Lee Harvey Oswald was
part of a greater criminal plot over the
next 10 months in closed court sessions
552 witnesses give testimony to the
Warren Commission resulting in an 888
page report released to the public yet
fifty years later President Kennedy's
murder is still shrouded in suspicion
mystery and conspiracy theories
how can a crime that is witnessed by
hundreds of people filmed by at least 30
watched by millions on TV and repeatedly
investigated remain the subject of such
speculation veteran detective Colin
McLaren spent 18 years in the Australian
police force investigating the country's
most baffling crimes he makes a
surprising discovery when he turns his
formidable skills on the JFK case I
learned that now other career detective
had ever undertaken a cold case study a
forensic analysis of all of the evidence
all of the testimony and I wanted to be
the first one thing I had to do is I had
to see the crime scene once I got there
I looked up at the sixth floor or the
Book Depository I had great trouble
understanding why 2000 Secret Service
agents hadn't seen a man with a gun
Osmos perch was much smaller much
tighter than I ever imagined from all of
the photographs I studied
the thing that struck me most about this
case that even after 50 years with the
majority of the American people
rejecting the Warren Commission findings
it's those findings that stand today
mclaren knows he's not the first person
to seriously question the Warren
Commission's findings in 1967 American
News Network CBS put these findings to
the test CBS News had a tower and target
tract constructed to match exactly the
heights and distances in Dealey Plaza
the target a standard FBI silhouette
moved by electric motor at 11 miles an
hour approximately the speed of the
presidential limousine 11 volunteer
marksmen took turns firing clips of
three bullets each at the moving target
the CBS special asks is it physically
possible to fire three rounds in 5.6
seconds or less using the antiquated
mannlicher-carcano bolt-action rifle Lee
Harvey Oswald had used it is a clumsy
weapon to bring to that sort of a fight
Lee Harvey Oswald let's be honest he had
a bit of junk our weapons engineer had
the best score three hits in 5.2 seconds
so CBS concludes that it is plausible to
fire the three shots on target in less
than 5.6 seconds here we have an
outstanding ballistics man who did that
controlled test however it was his third
attempt so he had a few rehearsals Lee
Harvey Oswald he was on the fly here
these gonna happen he was pointing at he
was shooting he had no rehearsals and he
was riddled with obviously adrenaline
and pressure nerves and probably fear so
I can't accept that he could get three
away in that amount of time at all
neither could Howard Donahue not only
was he the best marksman he was also a
ballistics expert his test on CBS News
launches him into a personal
investigation that would eventually
reveal who really killed JFK
you
[Music]
in 1967 the popular men's magazine asks
Howard Donahue a weapons engineer to
write an article backing the Warren
Commission's conclusion that Lee Harvey
Oswald is the lone gunman responsible
for killing JFK
first Donahue looks at ballistics the
Warren Commission concluded that Oswald
fired three shots his first shot passed
through Kennedy's neck wounding him and
Texas Governor John Connally
as all second shot missed entirely and
his third shot at JFK in the head and
killed him
Donahue decides to examine each of the
three shots what the Commission said was
Oswald's first shot is probably the most
contentious the Commission found that
the bullet struck President Kennedy at
the base of his neck just to the right
of his spine exited his throat below the
Adam's apple struck governor Connally
beneath and behind his right arm it
shattered four inches at Connolly's
fifth rib exited below his right nipple
and crashed through his right wrist
before finally lodging two inches deep
in Connolly's left thigh for many
critics of the Warren Commission the
position of the two men in the
presidential limousine rules out the
single Bullet theory the critics find it
preposterous that a bullet slanting down
from the right rear of the president
could pierce his throat make a sharp
right turn enter the extreme right side
of Connolly's back
[Music]
but Donahue discovers but Connolly and
his wife are riding in jump seats the
jump seats were close to the center of
the car and lower than the bench seats
the Kennedys wrote it which means that
Governor Connally was sitting lower down
and further inboard and it appeared
Donahue places Connolly where he was
actually sitting with his body turned
now the bullets trajectory lines up
perfectly he proves that the Warren
Commission's often ridiculed single
Bullet theory is in fact correct critics
of the Warren Commission also argued
that the bullet is too pristine to have
ripped through two men but to his
trained eye the bullet was in fact
deformed this contention that the bullet
was perfect was a fallacy this is
further proof to Donahue that the Warren
Commission's single Bullet theory was
correct but does the bullet match
Oswald's rifle mr. Fraser
firearms expert FBI agent Robert Fraser
answers that question before the Warren
Commission are you familiar with this
exhibit yes sir this is a bullet which
was delivered to me in the FBI
laboratory on November 22nd and did you
examine this exhibit to determine
whether it had been fired and exhibit
139 Lee Harvey Oswald's Carcano rifle
yes sir and was your conclusion it was
exhibit 399 was fired from the rifle 139
the FBI tests showed that the marks on
the bullet matched the chamber of Lee
Harvey Oswald's rifle that's equivalent
to finger prints Donahue agrees that the
single bullet struck the president and
Connally but he wonders if that was
actually the first of the three shots as
the Commission stated
even the surviving victim governor
Connally disagrees with the Commission's
findings I'm convinced beyond any doubt
that I was not struck by the first book
I know that I heard the first shot then
I turn to my right to see what was
happening
seeing nothing I was in the process of
turning to my left and I was struck by a
second shot the third shot struck the
president but did not strike me now as I
said earlier this testimony was
presented to the Warren Commission they
chose to disagree with my interpretation
and my memory of what had occurred
Donahue discovers that senior Secret
Service agent Roy Kellerman's testimony
also contradicts the Commission's order
of shots Kellerman was riding in the
front seat of the presidential limousine
that's right sir he describes what he
heard after the first shot there was a
report like a firecracker pop and as I
turned my head to the right to view
whatever it was or see whatever it was I
heard a voice from the backseat and I
firmly believe it was the president my
god I'm here
doneghy wondered how President Kennedy
could say this if that first shot had
cut through his throat and windpipe the
way the Commission said it did why did
the Warren Commission say that the first
shot hit JFK in the back of the neck
there is ample corroboree evidence from
many witnesses that saw the first shot
hit the pavement and ricochet off Virgie
rashly was a bookkeeper at the Book
Depository in her Warren Commission
statement she says she saw a bullet
bouncing off the roadway I saw a shot or
something hit the pavement what did it
look like when you saw it well as I said
I thought it was a firecracker it looked
just like you could see the sparks from
it is it possible that a fragment from
this ricocheting bullet struck Kennedy
causing him to exclaim my god I'm hit
before he was shot through the neck by
the second bullet Donahue thinks so and
is now convinced that the Warren
Commission got the order of the first
two shots wrong
[Music]
next he turns his attention to the
bullet that delivered JFK a fatal head
shot dr. James Humes is the pathologist
in charge at the Bethesda Naval Hospital
he conducts the president's autopsy just
a few hours after his assassination
when Humes testifies before the Warren
Commission he's asked to describe the
damage the third shot inflicted the
third obvious wound at the time of the
examination was a huge defect over the
right side of the skull this defect
involved both the scalp and the
underlying skull and the brain substance
protruding according to Humes testimony
the wound extended 10 to 12 centimeters
back to front from just behind the
president's ear to just above his
hairline this enormous wound is a total
mystery one bullet Pierce's the bodies
of two men and emerges in one piece yet
the bullet that hit Kennedy in the head
explodes in a hail of lead why did these
bullets perform so differently this is
not the work of a four middle jacket
bullet this is more the work of a
frangible bullet that is designed to
explode violently upon impact Colin
McLaren wants to see the difference in
bullet performance starting with the
Full Metal Jacket bullet that Oswald
used in his kakano rifle this is a four
middle jacket round
it's a kakano six point five millimeter
round it's designed for warfare it's
designed to travel ready to fire firing
: I think we're seeing a typical
full-metal-jacket drive through drills a
hole clean as a whistle
this is a point two to three frangible
hollow-point round it's designed to
explode upon impact and the results are
devastating rain is going hot
here's a nice ready to fire as a
ballistics expert Donahue knew that you
did not get one shot going straight
through and one shot that explodes from
the same gun and the same ammunition
according to the autopsy report the
entrance wounds diameter is 6
millimeters and the bullet tunnels for
15 millimeters before fragmenting
Donohue drills a hole exactly the same
size as the entrance were recorded at
the autopsy
if the shot had come from Oswald's
Carcano rifle the entrance wound in
JFK's skull would have to be at least
the diameter of the bullet or bigger but
the entrance wound is only 6 millimeters
in diameter
therefore it's simply impossible for a
six point five millimeter kakano bullet
to have impact at JFK skull but if the
third shot could not have come from Lee
Harvey Oswald's rifle why were three
shell casings found at his sniper perch
the advocates of the lion gamma theory
will always mention the three spent
casings were found in Boswell's perch
one of them was away from the other two
and Howard Donahue explains the single
one perfectly it was dented and probably
used as a chamber plug that is to stop
moisture and grit from getting into the
chamber
the dented casing was found several feet
from the other two casings
perhaps Oswald ejected this chamber plug
before firing the first two shots from
the window so if the third and fatal
head shot didn't come from Lee Harvey
Oswald rifle where did it come from the
Warren Commission calculated that the
head shot came down at the declination
of just under 16 degrees the trajectory
from the Book Depository was 16 degrees
down and about 6 degrees right-to-left
based on the midline of the vehicle bone
our Menninger is a Kansas based
journalist who chronicled Howard
Donahue's search to uncover what
happened in Dallas even if the entrance
wound and Oswald's position lined up
that right-to-left trajectory would have
suggested that the exit wound would have
been somewhere in his left side of his
face maybe his forehead his nose and not
the upper right portion of his skull
Donahue decides to conduct his own
trajectory tests he uses the Warren
Commission's autopsy exhibits to
determine the bullets entrance and exit
points he drills the exit hole and hopes
to trace the line of trajectory back to
its source
[Music]
[Applause]
Donoghue slides a dowel to the skull to
line up the trajectory with the position
of President Kennedy's head at the time
of the third shot Howard couldn't
believe it that it was absolutely
impossible for the trajectory from
Oswald's sniper position to have caused
the wound that Kennedy suffered in his
head didn't make sense
it looks like the Warren Commission's
Lone Gunmen theory is wrong seeking
answers Donahue meets pathologist dr.
Russell Fisher Fisher has been appointed
by the Attorney General to re-examine
JFK's autopsy and he reveals startling
new information about the president's
head wound dr. Fisher told him that the
entrance wound was miss located it's
much higher maybe four inches in this
area here perhaps at the autopsy in
Bethesda it was down here by the
occipital protuberance which is that
bony bump on the back your skull but in
fact dr. Fisher's panel found that it
was four inches higher it's at an inch
to the right of the midline armed with
this new information Donahue can now
trace back the trajectory of the fatal
shot based on the entrance wounds
correct location
what he discovers comes as a complete
surprise on his drawings he traces that
trajectory back he's shocked to discover
it goes over the left rear seat of The
Secret Service agents follow-up car
close behind the presidential limousine
could the fatal shot have been fired by
an agent Donaghy writes to the Secret
Service and asks for the names of the
agents who wrote in the follow-up car
what weapons they carry and what caliber
those weapons are the Secret Service
replies that they do not disclose the
types of weapons they use other than
that agents are issued 38 caliber
revolvers the letter adds that Secret
Service agents fired no shots at the
time of the assassination
but Colin McLaren discovers witnesses
who contradict the secret service there
is 10 witnesses that kind of smelled
gunpowder at the time of the shooting at
street level
Dallas patrolman Earl Brown is standing
on a railway bridge looking down at the
motorcade as it races to Parkland
Hospital I heard those shots then I
smell this gunpowder oh I'd say a couple
minutes later or so Dallas mayor Elka
bailed and his wife Elizabeth are
sitting in a convertible four cars back
from the presidential limousine I was
acutely aware of an order of gunpowder
with the wind at 15 miles per hour from
the southwest that gunpowder couldn't
have come from the sixth floor window
not with the the wind blowing in Lee
Harvey Oswald's face - Colin McLaren the
testimonies from witnesses who smelled
gunpowder at street level are strong
evidence of a second shooter one of
these witnesses was Senator Ralph
Yarborough riding with Vice President
Lyndon Johnson in an open Lincoln
directly behind the Secret Service
follow-up car I've heard in all my life
and I've handled all kinds of weapons in
the army I knew they were rifle shots
and there were three of them secondly
two later I smell gunpowder I was found
that strange because being familiar with
firearms I could never see how I could
smell the powder from a rifle in that
high building you don't smell gunpowder
unless it blows in your face
if a second weapon was fired whose was
it after the shooting police gather
several dozen witnesses many claiming to
have seen it
the Delos Sheriff's Office found the
best type of witness those who saw
something on the day and were prepared
to make statements before they could be
corrupted from outside influences I
heard at least two shots fired 22 year
old Hubert snow is standing alongside
the motorcade taking photographs I also
saw a man in either the president's car
or the car behind his pullout what
looked like a raffle
Hubert snow is just one of the people to
see a gun at the scene McLaren discovers
that there are others senator Ralph
Yarborough is in the motorcade he also
says that he saw a Secret Service agent
pull out a rifle I heard three shots no
more I'll seem to come from the right
rear some of the Secret Service men look
backward and to the right in the general
direction for the explosions seem to
come from one Secret Service man sitting
down in the car ahead of us pulled out
an automatic weapon or rifle and he
looked backward Dallas mayor Elka Bell
is travelling in a convertible four cars
behind the presidential limousine we
could tell of course that there was
confusion in the presidential car
activity the Secret Service men ran to
that car from out of nowhere appeared
one Secret Service man with a submachine
gun his attention seemed to be focused
up toward the building even Secret
Service agent Winston Lawson testifies
that he saw a fellow agent holding a
rifle but I also noticed right after the
reports an agent standing up with an
automatic weapon in his hand and the
first thing that flashed through my mind
was that he had fired because this was
the only weapon I had seen up to that
point
just one camera captures an agent inside
the Secret Service follow-up car with an
assault rifle in his hands what Howard
Donahue now suspects is that the second
shooter has been hidden in plain sight
all along but who is the agent and why
would he shoot the president
[Music]
you
Howard Donahue concluded that the Warren
Commission's Lone Gunmen theory was
wrong there had to be a second shooter
in Dealey Plaza his ballistic tests
traced the kill shot back to the Secret
Service car behind the presidential
limousine Colin McLaren also found
several witnesses who smelled gunpowder
at street level and saw an agent
brandishing a rifle in the days
immediately after the assassination the
Secret Service agents are ordered to
write statements about their actions
that day including George Hickey blast
shot seemed to hit his head and cosmos
at the point of impact which made him
fall forward and to his left again at
the end of the last shot I reached the
bottom of the car and picked up the
ar-15 rifle cocked and loaded it instead
of partway up in the car and looked
about at this point the cars were
passing under the overpass
George hickeys version of what happened
is interesting he claims that he had
hold of the ar-15 just as they were
going underneath the underpass yet
you've got 11 different witnesses who
gave testimony that say very clearly he
had hold of the weapon at the time of
the third shot that is of course back on
Dealey Plaza interesting Lee Gainey's of
those 11 seven of them are Secret
Service agents agent Winston Dawson
rides in front of the president in the
lead car he gives a sworn statement
about what he saw
I noticed agent Hickey standing up in
the follow-up car with the automatic
weapon I first thought he fired at some
other agent Roy Kellerman in his Warren
Commission testimony confirms that
weapon is in the motorcade we have an
ar-15 inside of its case won't be shown
he could be laying on the floor what she
is ready to go ready go means that the
assault weapon is cocked loaded one up
the spout and safety on in the case of
George Hickey all he would have had to
have done was flip the safety point and
shoot
but that's not what agent Hickey claims
in his written statement I reached the
bottom of the car and picked up the
ar-15 rifle cocked and loaded it instead
partway up in the car and looked about
why did Hickey say he cocked and loaded
the ar-15 when Kellerman testifies it
was ready to go Earl Warren confronts
Secret Service chief James Rowley about
the use of assault rifles in the
motorcade as you go along in the
motorcade you have men who are scanning
the buildings along the route don't you
yes sir and they have submachine guns in
one of their cars no Warren knows from
other testimony that this is not true
for security reasons that I'd like to
rally evades the question we have the
Norma Xin guns now so here we have a
situation where the latest weapon in a
secret surface Arsenal the ar-15 is
withdrawn immediately after to try to
understand the Secret Service's actions
Colin McLaren retraces their steps
leading up to the assassination
The Secret Service agents put JFK to bed
just after midnight and then for some
strange reason they went bar-hopping and
they were seen to be in the company of
scantily clad women as the Warren
Commission called it strippers in other
words and the drinking went on till just
after 5:00 a.m. before they went back to
the rooms to prepare themselves for a
7:00 a.m. start agent George Hickey
whose primary role was as a driver was
already in Dallas preparing the cars for
the motorcade he in fact was gazetted or
attached to the garage that is to polish
the cars check the oil and water and
prepare it for the president and the
motorcade George Hickey was not in the
bar getting drunk the night before and
that had to have been the reason for
George Hickey who was that stage just a
driver to have to step up take the ar-15
and take the sniper role on the follow
up car a set of responsibilities totally
foreign to him
now McClaren examines the behavior of
the Secret Service at Parkland Hospital
directly after the shooting the lead car
the president's limousine and the Secret
Service follow-up car arrived at
Parkland at 12:36 p.m. six minutes after
the three shots were fired senator Ralph
Yarborough is among those in this bloody
motorcade I walked up to the car and
mrs. Kennedy was still there on the back
seat lying there with her head bowed
over covering the husband's had his
blood running down her leg and by one of
our clothes and twice saying they've
murdered my husband they've murdered my
husband it's the most tragic sight of my
life
Texas law requires an autopsy to be
performed before the body can be shipped
out of the state dr. Earl Rose is the
dallas county medical examiner the body
cannot leave this hospital until after
an autopsy has been performed so this is
the body of the President of the United
States and we're gonna take it back to
Washington you were not taking him
anywhere there's a law here and we are
going to enforce it you cannot lose the
chain of evidence
my friend that part of the law can be
waived no either you move or we run it
over you
[Music]
at the Secret Service escorts the
president's body from Parkland Hospital
and loads the casket aboard Air Force
One
I was struck for the heavy-handed manner
in which the Secret Service in the
presidential age removed the body from
Dulles was it simply a panic to reaction
to the chaos of the moment or was it
more a deliberate attempt of a cover-up
of what happened earlier that day in
Dealey Plaza Air Force One touches down
at Andrews Air Force Base outside
Washington at 5:58 p.m. President
Kennedy's body is driven to Bethesda
Naval Hospital for the autopsy chief
pathologist James Humes and his team
know their efforts here tonight will be
critical to any criminal proceeding
against the crimes perpetrator J Edgar
Hoover has sent FBI agents James C Bert
and Francis O'Neill to stay with the
body through to embalming he expects a
detailed report on everything that
happens in the autopsy room
typically a small pathology team are
alone but this is no ordinary autopsy
here we have an autopsy where there's at
least 30 people inside the suite
representatives of the army the Navy the
Air Force the FBI the technicians
pathologists all working in this massive
crush to get the autopsy done arguing
talking over each other the head
pathologist dr. Humes even stated in
evidence that he wish he could have
checked them all out it was like trying
to do delicate neurosurgery in a
three-ring circus 30 years after the JFK
assassination the Clinton administration
initiates the assassination records
Review Board to release documents
relating to the shooting and conduct
interviews about JFK's autopsy this
gives Colin McLaren access to vital
information that was classified
during Howard Donahue's investigation in
the 1970s in 1995 the a double our beast
had painted four records to do with the
Dallas trip from all agencies involved
they wanted to inspect all the books
unfortunately the Secret Service
destroyed their documents all they
records the week earlier of course why
would they do that
did the Secret Service have something to
hide from the outset McLaren thinks
basic forensic practices were being
ignored Secret Service agents clothing
is spattered with JFK's brain matter
their clothing should have been bagged
up and treated as exhibits there were
witnesses they should never have been
there
if they stay for the duration dr. Humes
examines the president's head recording
a massive wound 130 millimeters in
diameter he concludes it is the result
of a bullet that's exploded
x-ray technician Gerald Costa x-rays the
president according to dr. Humes
instructions when developed these x-rays
clearly show multiple bullet fragments
in the scar later
Custer's bust after John episode
approaches him
he made it perfectly clear I was not to
speak of this if you could convey the
sense of the words that he gave you as
best as you can keep your mouth shut
okay that's perfectly blunt forensic
photographers take many photos
especially of JFK's head wound young
photographer Floyd rebe testifies to
taking around 100 shots on eight or nine
separate film roles they are crucial
evidence when you finished with one roll
of 35 millimeter film what did you do
with that what took it out of the camera
and gave it to one of the Secret Service
agents there
[Music]
the FBI records show the 22 color rolls
and 18 black-and-white rolls are taken
their care is entrusted to the Secret
Service agent Roy Kellerman
Jerell Costa testifies that the autopsy
room is a scene of loud debate and that
he witnessed the doctors being harassed
the commotion level was astronomical the
decibel level was extremely high
you had to scream the people at times
there was a four-star general in there
and a civilian who I took to be
Kennedy's personal physician and where
this general and this person in civilian
clothing giving directions to doctor
ever saw correct absolutely
what kind of directions were they giving
to him in a sense the Kennedy family
would not like you to pursue this path
any farther
[Music]
dr. Humes does complete the autopsy but
having had his work disrupted he's
dissatisfied with the result
the pathology slides created by dr.
Humes are handed to Secret Service agent
Roy Kellerman
[Music]
if everything in the autopsy suite was
on the up-and-up
you oughta had a cause of death sort of
that within about three or four hours
all the exhibits were in bagged labeled
their proper continuity and signatures
would have taken place but unfortunately
none of that happened shortly after the
autopsy dr. Humes his boss George
Burkley informs him that Robert Kennedy
wants his brother's brain he asked me
would I give him the brain which I
promptly handed to him in a pail then
the mystery really begins because what
happened after that I don't know what
George Burkley did with the brain is the
mystery of the century and why I so
easily acceded to his wishes I don't
know other than he was talking about
Barbie in the family and what they want
days after the autopsy dr. Eversole
returns from a meeting at the White
House with the Secret Service he has a
strange request for Gerald Custer
he gave me three or four different metal
fragments bearing in sass and he asked
me to tape them to the bones and did you
tape them to the bones yes sir
Custer says he was asked to manufacture
an x-ray that would obscure detection of
an explosive frangible bullet by placing
Full Metal Jacket bullet fragments on
JFK's remains well that was the most
traumatic after I signed the gag order I
was told that of anything no matter what
got out it would be the sorriest day in
my life and I had spent most of my time
behind prison walls a few days later the
chief photographer and Floyd Wiebe are
approached by a Secret Service agent you
mentioned something related to a secrecy
oath well we were told that this was
classified information under the
National Security Act and we had to read
it and sign it
and if we talked about it anybody at all
well would you court-martialled
virtually everybody in that autopsy
suite that day was forced to sign a gag
order is the Secret Service trying to
cover-up a complex conspiracy to kill
the President of the United States
ballistic expert Howard Donahue has a
simple answer
as McLaren scours the Warren Commission
report he discovers that some vital
witnesses from the autopsy were never
called and that in his view pivotal
evidence was disregarded most crucially
the autopsy notes of FBI agents James
Siebert and Francis O'Neill McLaren
discovers that assistant counsel Arlen
Specter meets with the two agents and
asks them if they'd made any notes in
the autopsy suite the agents said that
they did they also told him that senior
Secret Service agent Roy Kellerman took
possession of all photographs and x-rays
he promised they would be made available
to the FBI almost all of these x-rays
and photographs are never seen again
did you see any FBI or Secret Service
agents taking notes oh that's right
Siebert in O'Neal I guess where they're
around a book that now writing it down
but assistant counsel Arlen Specter
tells a different story
in a memo written by Specter he stated
there was no notes made by Siebert and
O'Neill was this a misunderstanding by
Specter or was it in fact a lie either
way Siebert and O'Neil weren't caught of
the Warren Commission or their notes why
two months into the warrant Commission
hearings x-ray technician Gerald Custer
has a preliminary interview with
councilor Spector outside the courtroom
there's little doubt that Custer's
observations in the autopsy and the
story of falsifying an x-ray for the
Secret Service would have been explosive
evidence at the Warren Commission Custer
tells Specter his story and waits to be
summoned Specter never calls him senator
Ralph Yarborough is also keen to testify
at the Warren Commission he was in the
car behind Secret Service agent George
Hickey one Secret Service man sitting
down in the car ahead of us pulled out
an automatic weapon or rifle and he
looked backward I smell gunpowder it
clung to the car nearly all the way to
the hospital
Chief Justice Warren demanded that
Yarborough be called to testify he never
did why Warren's order was not obeyed as
a mystery although he was the head of
the inquiry McLaren believes he was not
always in control for whatever reason
the Commission did not interview key
eyewitnesses it's not known whether
Arlen Specter spoke to any of the Asians
from the follow-up car only one of those
agents in the car gave evidence to the
Warren Commission depending on your
point of view that is either very
neglectful or very telling them they
came to believe that the Warren
Commission themselves weren't interested
in finding the truth for Howard Donahue
and Colin McLaren the overwhelming
evidence of their investigation reveals
what they think is the truth behind the
assassination of JFK
three shots are fired the first is by
Lee Harvey Oswald
it misses but a ricocheting fragment of
the bullet hits the president causing
him to say my god I'm hit at the sound
of gunfire agent George Hickey turns to
look up at the sixth floor window
Oswald fires again the second bullet
enters the president's back and exit his
neck hurtling forward into govern
economies back and exiting through his
chest Hickey picks up the ar-15 to
return fire flicks off the safety and as
the follow-up car lunges forward he
pulls the trigger
the presidential car is rushed to
Parkland Hospital where McLaren believes
a massive cover-up begins
both Donohue and McClaren find that 11
people are able to put the assault rifle
in George hickeys hands at or before the
time of the third shot seven of the
eleven are hickeys fellow Secret Service
agents McLaren and Donahue also
identified ten people who testified that
they smelled gunpowder at street level
at or around the time of the shooting
you don't smell gunpowder as it blows in
your face the autopsy in Bethesda
Maryland is also suspicious to McLaren
The Secret Service's interference the
falsified x-rays the lost photographs
and the missing brain of the president
all suggest a conspiracy we've talked
about it to anybody at all well we'd be
court-martialed finally there is the
Warren Commission itself with its
unsummoned witnesses unheard testimony
unanswered questions and unpresentable
Colin McLaren believes the Warren
Commission had their shooter
conveniently dead
they had their murder weapon they had a
plausible forensic account of a three
bullet assassination case closed
McLaren believes that the u.s.
government was covering up Secret
Service agent George Hickey fatal shot
but why did Hickey shoot the President
of the United States both Donohue and
McLaren agree a third shot that hit
Kennedy was the result of a tragic
accident
agent Hickey reached down on the seat
beside him grabbed the ar-15 I bring it
to his shoulder he flipped off the
safety and at that time he fell over
backwards and the gun went off striking
President Kennedy in the back of the
head what Howard proved in my view was
that Oswald didn't fire that shot and
most luckily it was fired by agent
George Hickey from the follow-up car
accidentally in the panic of the moment
you know in the chaos of combat he's
trying to respond he's trying to do his
job he's probably already acquired
Oswald visually gonna return fire and
fate intervenes George Hickey never
takes the stand to be cross-examined
about his statement he never speaks
publicly about the assassination he dies
in 2005
[Music]
understanding the real cause of the
death of JFK isn't about blackening the
name of any individual or organization
it's about the truth and supplying a
definitive answer to the American people
an answer no more complex than a tragic
accident colliding with a foolhardy
assassination attempt
maybe it's time to quietly close the
door behind history's most talked about
and debated crime scene
[Music]
after the break fears more heartache for
America's most famous family brand-new
JFK jr. the flight that killed Kennedy
is next
[Music]
you